[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna make app select,
which details to send down
which show to send down.
Like that feels like
the right code path to me,
but you're welcome to disagree with me.
But I think this is a pretty
nice way of doing it.
So the first thing is now that
app is gonna have a method,
we're gonna have to make this not
a stateless functional component anymore.
It does have to be either a create class
or a ES6 class, up to you to choose.
You can choose either one.
I'm okay,
I think let's just do create class.
I feel like that's the easier one,
react.createClass.
>> Brian Holt: This is gonna
all get indented a little bit.
See, put this here.
>> Brian Holt: That's about right.
We're gonna say turn this, and
this is gonna be a render method.
>> Brian Holt: And I indented too much.
There, there, there, okay, so we just
converted this to be a React.createClass.
Again, you can use ES6 here.
You need one of the two, though.
>> Brian Holt: And so
now that we've done that we're going
to give it an assigned show method,
and it takes in the next state and
replace.
>> Brian Holt: And then, what we're going
to do here on our route on details,
were gonna give it an onEnter method,
onEnter, and
it's gonna be this.assignShow.
>> Brian Holt: So every time this route
goes to enter, as every time the router
goes to enter this particular route,
it's gonna run this onEnter method.
Now the advantage here is,
notice we're getting nextState?
We get to manipulate this before
it get's sent down to the route,
which is kind of cool, right?
So what we're going to do is like while
it's in transit to the details route,
we're just like, hey,
here's a tag along show that you just
pass that down on tp the route too.
>> Brian Holt: And
don't follow my notes here,
because I've recently discovered
that there is a bug here.
So we have to be a little bit
more clever than my notes are.
So, I had to remember,
this is programming on the fly.
Okay, so basically we're gonna have an ID,
which is gonna be the IMDB ID.
And we're going to match that
to the particular route.
So what we're gonna do here is were
gonna say constshow = shows.filter
And then we're gonna have
to give that a method, and
that's gonna be show,
and we're gonna return,
Gonna return show.imdbID.
Let me remember how that looks.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] ID capitalized.
>> Brian Holt: Capitalized, okay.
So this has to be capitalized,
===nextState.ID, bless you.
Okay, we're gonna have to check to
make sure that this is correct,
but basically we're getting an IMD,
a show, sorry we're getting next state,
right, and
the next state already has ID and
ID's coming from here, right?
So from whatever the URL
says we're going to.
>> Brian Holt: And so we're just gonna do
a quick check to see if the IMDB ID for
one of these shows is equal to the show
that we're looking for, right?
So ideally this should filter out every
show in shows that does not have the same
IMDB ID, so ideally, this will be
an array of one after we're done, right.
So here we're gonna ask.
Actually this is gonna be array,
just let's call it a show array,
just to be very clear that
this is actually an array.
I'm gonna say if (showArray.length < 1).
That means we've gave it a show
ID that doesn't exist, right?
So we're gonna use this
replace method here.
Because we can't display details for
a show that we don't have, right?
So we're gonna say,
return replace('/'), right?
So basically this says,
hey, if there's no shows,
just send them back to the homepage.
Typically, you'd send them a 404 page,
but we're not doing 404s here.
We're just gonna send them
back to the homepage,
if we can't find the show
they're looking for.
Otherwise, we're gonna just do
an Object.assign(next_state),
nextState.params, show.
And then here is going
to return next state.
Okay so object.assign, some of you
might've seen this before, or you might've
also seen underscored out of sign if you
use low dash or underscore very much.
Basic just here is, I have two objects, I
want to take all of the properties in show
and put them into next date,
nextState.params actually.
Right, so if I have
>> Brian Holt: Right, so
I need to do show array 0.
Thank you,
because now we can be definitely
sure at least one show matched it.
It should be exactly one show, right?
But if there are multiple
shows that matches,
it's just gonna pick the first one.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna to pop the top.
So, I've just decided,
does that makes sense
what's going on there.
So maybe just a very brief demo.
If I have var X equals {
y: 1, z: 2},
right, and I have var,
I dunno, w = { a: 2,
b: 3} and Y1 or Y5.
And then if I do object.assign,
X,W, if I do console.log X here,
X is gonna be y5, and
then it's going to be z2 and
a2 and b3, right, so
it's gonna basically go.
It goes right to left, and it says
okay notice that these both have Y.
So this one's Y wins, but
it's actually modifying X.
But that's kinda the gist of what
objects assigned does for you,
it's basically merging these two
objects together in a useful way.
Yeah, question?
>> Speaker 2: Question is what
is on inter for the route.
>> Brian Holt: On enter is just going to
get run every single time this route,
it's transitioned to this route
whether that's the first time or
like you're on search and you enter
details, right, that's the basic gist of
any time that it's entering the route
that math is gonna get run.
>> Speaker 2: And
then they're asking what is nextState.
>> Brian Holt: NextState is going to be
the params that are gonna be passed
down to that particular route.
So in this particular case
we have this ID, right, so
that's going to be what's in the nextState
in this particular case right.
But anything else that was being passed
down to details would be in nextState.
So it should just be one object of ID,
and that should be about it.
Other questions?
Any question about objects
assigned before I delete this?
>> Brian Holt: Cool, make sense?
ES6, so
you're welcome to go ahead and use that
in your every day JavaScript programming.
Okay, very useful,
I use it all the time everywhere.
>> Brian Holt: All right, let's go
make sure this actually works now,
since I programmed this on the fly.
>> Brian Holt: Let's go to Details.jsx.
This is a good tangent to
go on really quick here.
This is a personal, Brian Holt thing, but
I noticed that many people in the React
community do the similar things that I do,
just the way I organize
my React components,
because your reactions are going
to end up having a ton of methods.
The very first thing I always
put is get initial state.
So I can always at the very top of my
method see where the initial states coming
from, and then the very bottom
method is always render,
so that I can always
scroll down to the bottom,
cuz your render methods usually end
up being sometimes fairly large.
Beneath get initial state I'll put
what are called the lifecycle methods,
like component will mount, component
did mount, component will unmount.
We'll talk about that a little
bit later in the class.
And then under between render and
all the life cycle methods,
I'll put all like my personal methods,
right?
Like the handle search term event would be
an example of that or a sign show as well.
That's kind of a life cycle one,
but anything that's a,
yeah, some sort of like
personal one that I'm using.
I'm creating.
I'll put that
kinda there in the middle as well.
There's no requirement around that I just
find it useful for code organization for
react, and I notice a bunch of other
people are relatively similar in that.
Okay, so go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: We do have
a couple questions.
So is this the same object that we saw
when were using the pre-code wrapping?
Is that the state or the props object?
>> Brian Holt: Props.
It's a propped object.
We have no state here yet, so.
>> Speaker 2: And
then what is the value of replace?
>> Brian Holt: Replace is a function,
that's worth mentioning.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, and where does it
come from, as a follow-up question?
>> Brian Holt: It comes from react-router.
So onEnter,
that's specific to react-router,
and it just passes these props in.
It replaces a method
coming from react-router.
It says, hey I actually don't
want to go into this route,
I want to go somewhere else.
In this particular case, we're using it
because we don't want to enter the route
if we don't have the details to display.